volumes: Add support for `volume import` which allow simporting contents of external tarballs into podman volumes. (#11307)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-volume-import.1.md

% podman-volume-import(1)

## NAME
podman\-volume\-import - Import tarball contents into a podman volume

## SYNOPSIS
**podman volume import** [*options*] *volume* [*source*]

## DESCRIPTION

**podman volume import** imports the contents of a tarball into the podman volume's mountpoint.
**podman volume import** can consume piped input when using `-` as source path. 

Note: Following command is not supported by podman-remote.

**podman volume import [OPTIONS] VOLUME [SOURCE]**

#### **--help**

Print usage statement

## EXAMPLES

```

> $ cat hello.tar | podman volume import myvol -

Reviewer: Use an example with a compressed file

gunzip hellow.tar.gz 

That is a more valid use case.

Author: this is resolved in latest commit.

% podman-volume-import(1)

## NAME
podman\-volume\-import - Import tarball contents into a podman volume

## SYNOPSIS
**podman volume import** *volume* [*source*]

## DESCRIPTION

> **podman volume import** imports the contents of a tarball into the podman volume's mountpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**podman volume import** imports the contents of a tarball into the podman volume's mount point.
```

Author: @TomSweeneyRedHat this is resolved in latest commit.
